Powertrain control Verification Benchmark
================

## Preliminaries:

1. One of the input signal is time t, is is continuous value. To simplify this, we use extern counter to transform t to two discret boolean signal ts and T. 
ts = 0, means $0<t<\tau_s$ ($\tau_s = \tau_I+\eta_{s\rightarrow N}$ may vary, in this model, we use ts = 11sec)
ts = 1, means t>ts
T = 0, means t<T,(T is the time until when the system is running,normally T >> ts, hence it will not be possible that ts =0 & T=1) 
T = 1, means t>T

2. $\lambda$ is one of the output signal present the throttle.Howeverm, all requirement cares about normalized error signal $\mu$ that indicates the error in $\lambda$ from the reference stoichiometric value $\lambda_{ref}$: 
$\mu= {(\lambda - \lambda_{ref}) \over \lambda_{ref}}$ 
$\mu$ is still a continuous value, but the requirements only cases about if they are within some threshold value, then we also use 4 boolean variables to replace it. 
u005 = 0, means $|\mu| < 0.05$
u005 = 1, means $|\mu| >= 0.05$
u002 = 0, means $|\mu| < 0.02$
u002 = 1, means $|\mu| >= 0.02$
u01 = 0, means $|\mu| < 0.1$
u01 = 1, means $|\mu| >= 0.1$
u02 = 0, means $|\mu| < 0.2$
u02 = 1, means $|\mu| >= 0.2$
After we synthesis a shield, additional circuit need to transform these boolean signal to real control signal to increase or decrease throttle signal $\lambda$

3. throttle angle a is another input, but we only cares the rise and fall event in the specifications. Samely, we use rise and fall to denote the two event.The additional circuit before the shield should implemented to take throttle angle a as input, and generate two boolean output signal rise and fall. When a falling of a is detected, rise should be 1, otherwise rise is 0. The same to the fall signal.

According to the description of input profile, it is a pulse$(a,\zeta, d)$, which means it is a pulse train input with period $\zeta$, amplitude a and delay by time d.
 ^       -----------         ---------
 a       |         |         |       |
 v       |         |         |       |
  -------          -----------       ----------
  <- d -><-----------$\zeta$--------->


Obviouly, fall and rise signal is also a pulse train with period of $\zeta$, but 180 degree in phase difference. 


4. Another input signal is $t_{\eta}$, it reprenset the time passed since a event happen. It is generated by monitor the event, also with $\zeta$ and $\eta$ as parameters.The logic to generate $t_{\eta}$ is:
- initally, $t_{\eta} = 0$
- when rise or fall or mode switch event is detected, start a time counter. After $\eta$ sec, set $t_{\eta} to 1
- Keep counting the time clock, untill $\zeta/2$ sec, reset $t_{\eta} to 0.
- $t_{\eta} remains 0 until next event detected, then repeat above procedure.

 



